# ITS-Chatbot
This is a project I decided to work on for my job at ITS. I noticed only a few months working here, we could get simple and easy tickets that required me and my team to go over and help with. By simple, I mean things like WiFi issues, Display not showing, Emails not recieving, etc... Although, it's of course good to go and help out with these issues, simple things like this can be easily resolved with a simple step-by-step consultation. Along with that, I was very surprised the ITS department didn't already have a Chatbot. It seems that on their website, they provide a "Chat with Us" which lets you chat with a representative, but that option has a limited time opening from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m (NOT THE WORST). If we consider the case of some student or faculty working on a project late at night (like I have multiple times) and couldn't connect to the CAEN machines (EXACTLY LIKE I COULDN'T) because they don't have the VPN and didn't know how to install it (LIKE I DIDN'T), then maybe a 24/7 chatbot would've been helpful. ITS also provides a Call option which also has the same time limitation. The only not limited by time ITS tool seems to be, "submit a help request" and "Search knowledge base". Those options aren't bad either, but for something that can be resolved easily, I'm sure no one wants to submit a ticket or read a bunch of documentation. Like me, I would want an easy step-by-step consultation and if it comes to it, i'll submit a ticket or do the other listed options. This is my motivation for creating this Chatbot. It is also my first project, so I hope it turns out good.

Along with that, I am going to start this project in C++ and make it kind of straight forward. However, I will keep the option to make it ML-based open and time permitting, I will work on it and make it better. 
